# Documentation Team Meeting
## January 4, 2021

The initial docs team met to make introductions, set the agenda for future documentation efforts, and throw mild shade at a certain company which shall not be named.

These are the things we'd like to see in Rocky Linux's documentation (so far):

1) Make a style guide for contributions.

    * Documentation should be a cohesive and coherent experience, for purposes of branding and accessibility both.

2) Make fewer assumptions about skill level of readers - write for newer-to-Linux/newer-to-admin users. 

3) Include many examples in the documentation. 

    * Include explanations of command line arguments / variables (?)

4) Enable switching of documentation versions between Rocky Linux versions: see https://www.zabbix.com/documentation/current/

    * Solutions for accomplishing this are being deliberated.

5) Designate "Playtesters" to go through documentation step-by-step and try to replicate results

    * Some of said "Playtesters" will be relative beginners, who now have an excuse to buy mini-PCs.

6) Set expectations of prior knowledge before going through documentation (cf 2)

    * eg. "To follow this guide, you'll need to know how to install RPM packages. If you are unfamiliar with this process, see our 'Guide to Installing RPM Packages.'"

7) Designate separate people (possibly teams) for approving the technical content of the docs documentation, and the grammar / writing style of the docs.

8) Add a channel for feedback on the documentation.

    * Ideas for this include, but are not limited to: comments on individual doc pages, GitHub Issues, Mattermost (?), smoke signals, and cursing at the sky (!).

9) Implement public comments by readers (to report typos, etc.) (cf 8)

    9a) Public comments integration with Mattermost (IRC, Matrix ...).

10) List documentation target groups, and consider who is the main target group. 

    * Probably not newbies, but experienced sysadmins who need CentOS replacement. Maybe, there may be several parallel documentation projects serving different target groups.

    10a) Versioning for different Rocky versions 8 -->  9 ---> 10... ??

    10b) Include:

    1. Technical documentation (for every version, of course) for sysadmins This is probably our main audience.
    2. Howto pages for "newbies".
    3. Video courses on YouTube: This is an example of parallel "documentation projects" which need not be maintained by the same team, but parallel teams.

11) Simplified English version of the documentation for non-native speakers. 

12) Set up a meeting to go over Hugo? (Partially addressed in meeting.)

13) Summarize meeting notes, next steps, and timeline/release dates (e.g. add to this document).

14) Implement example terminal? 

    *ie. place to try commands listed on documentation in a cloud machine: see https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/hello-minikube/

15) Embedded verified videos, also from third parties.

16) Friendly, writing-for-actual-people writing style for beginner docs.

17) Add built static docs site to ISO

    17a) ... with a warning that it may be outdated, and containing a link to the online version.

18) Set repo location: learn.rockylinux.org -> docs.rockylinux.org

19) RL docs versioning (8->9, ...) (cf 4)

    19a) Differentiate versions of documentation from versions of product being documented
