# Documentation Team Meeting
## January 20, 2021

**Action item:** assign people to committees

In short, this was our “who does what” meeting. Admittedly, this is certainly not the end-all and be-all of project assignments, but you have to start somewhere. We started with the people on the call. We fully expect this list to grow and expand as more people find the time to introduce themselves and get started via the sign-up form.

No judgement here; it’s a busy world, even now. Perhaps especially now.

** Personnel on the team as of the call: **

- Leigh Henning, Operations
- Steve Spencer, Sysadmin and documentation
- Wale, Sysadmin support
- Jordan (Jorp), Community
- Ezequiel, Writer/web designer
- Calder, Grad student
- Lucas Trecanao, Sysadmin in Argentina
- Utku Saridede, Software Engineer in Turkey
- and others

**Committee assignments:**

We were lucky to have at least one person sign up for *almost* every role.

- Editorial group: Ezequiel 
- Simplified documentation author: Steve, Utku
- Advanced documentation author: Wale
- Documentation UX: several people showed interest via the signup form, none on call
- Technical documentation: none on call
- Documentation team admin: Calder, Ezequiel
- Translation: Lucas & Ezequiel (EN -> ESP), Utku (EN->Turkish)
- Documentation lab: Jordan, Steve, others
- Documentation community: Jordan
- Test driver: Calder, Ezequiel, Steve

**TODO and tasks in progress:**

We weren’t just throwing our names around. We made plans.

- The creation of a style guide for documentation: (Ezequiel, Target Feb 6)
- Simplified documentation example: (Steve, Target Feb 9)
- We are currently considering Weblate to manage the documentation site translation. It supports both manual and machine-assisted translations. Best of both worlds, in theory.
- We’re looking into infrastructure to generate fresh VMs for the test drivers.
- The documentation team is set to interface with the community team to discuss ways to get public feedback on documentation (ie. comments on docs pages).
- We’re looking at project management software to keep track of who is doing / has done what. The current candidate is Taiga, which can be self-hosted. If anyone wants to take a look, [http://www.taiga.io](http://taiga.io)  has a handy docker image.
- The next meeting will be around Feb 10-15ish.
