# Documentation Team Meeting
## January 20, 2021

Action item: assign people to committees

Personnel: 
- Leigh Henning, Operations
- Steve Spencer, Sysadmin and documentation
- Wale, Sysadmin support 
- Jordan (Jorp), Community
- Ezequiel, Writer/web designer
- Calder, Grad student
- Lucas Trecanao, Sysadmin in Argentina
- Utku Saridede, Turkish language support
- and others

Committee Assignments:
- Head of team: Leigh
- Report to: Jordan, under Community
- Editorial group: Ezequiel 
- Simplified documentation author: Steve
- Advanced documentation author: Wale
- Documentation UX: several people showed interest in form, none on call
- Technical documentation: none on call
- Admin: Calder
- Translation: Lucas & Eziquiel (EN -> ESP), Utku (EN->Turkish) 
- Documentation lab: Jordan, Steve, others
- Documentation community: Jordan 
- Test driver: Calder, Eziquiel, Steve

TODO:
- Style guide, editorial process (Ezequiel, Target Feb 6)
- Simplified documentation example (Steve, Target Feb 9)
- Advanced documentation example (Wale, Target Feb 9)
- Weblate for translation?
- Test drivers: infrastructure to generate fresh vms
- Doc. community: interface with Rocky group, get public feedback on documentation (comments?)
- Project management software? Current candidate: Taiga - [http://www.taiga.io](http://taiga.io) - has docker image
- Next meeting: Feb 10-15ish
